GEE WILLIKERS!
YOUR CAMPUS CARD SHOP
PUTS OURS TO SHAME!
I'VE NEVER SEEN
SO MANY BOOSTER PACKS
IN ONE PLACE!
WHAT DO YA SAY WE
CRACK 'EM OPEN?
I SAY THE ONLY
THING BETTER
THAN OPENING
NEW CARDS
IS DUELING
WITH 'EM!
DUDE, CHECK OUT
THIS RARE ONE!
COOL!
HERE'S TWO MORE!
[RUBY CALLS]
WHAT'S UP?
[KURIBOH CALLS]
WHAT? SOMEONE'S
OUT THERE?
HEY! GET BACK HERE!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
DON'T TAKE
ANOTHER STEP, SON.
REMEMBER, NO MATTER
WHERE YOU ARE,
YOUR SENSES
MUST ALWAYS BE
ON HIGH ALERT.
YOU KNOW
RULE NUMBER ONE--
LIFE IS
A BATTLEFIELD!
THERE'S DANGER
AROUND EVERY CORNER.
ONE MOMENT OF
WEAKNESS CAN COST
YOU THE WAR.
RELAX. FOCUS.
NOW DRAW!
ALWAYS START AT LEVEL ONE.
EXCELLENT.
HOPE YOU'RE WATCHING, DAD,
'CAUSE THE WAR'S ABOUT TO START.
Jaden: HE CAN'T BE TOO FAR!
HEY, BUDDY. YOU SEE ANYONE
SUSPICIOUS RUN BY?
I SEE YOU'RE
A MAN OF FEW WORDS.
I'D LAY OFF
THE JOKES, JAY.
HUH?
AXEL BRODIE
IS A PRETTY
SERIOUS GUY.
RUMOR HAS IT HE
TRAINS FOR DUELS
BY PUTTING HIMSELF
IN DANGER, THEN
TRYING TO ESCAPE.
OH.
SOMEONE FORGOT TO TELL HIM
IT'S A GAME!
HE SEEMS
TO THINK IF YOUR
LIFE'S NOT AT RISK,
THEN YOU'RE NOT
DUELING WITH
EVERYTHING YA GOT.
WOW. THIS GUY'S
PRETTY HARDCORE.
I OUGHT TO GIVE
THAT A SHOT!
THIS ISN'T
CHILD'S PLAY, SON.
WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
I HAPPEN TO ENJOY
CHILD'S PLAY.
HE DIDN'T MEAN IT
THAT WAY. IT'S ALL
GOOD. RIGHT, AXEL?
WHAT DID YA MEAN?
Jaden: WELL, GOOD
TALKIN' TO YA!
BE CAREFUL, JADEN. I ALSO
HEAR TELL THAT AXEL IS
PROFESSOR VIPER'S PROTEGE.
SO SOMETHING TELLS
ME WE SHOULDN'T
MESS WITH HIM.
WHAT'S A PROTEGE? A CAR?
[SIGHS]
Boy: DAD. THE PAIN.
IT'S TOO MUCH.
MY SON,
DON'T LEAVE ME.
[VOICE OF GIRL]
DON'T WORRY,
MISTER.
I'LL HELP HIM.
BUT FIRST YOU
NEED TO HELP ME.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
Sheppard: SETTLE DOWN.
PROFESSOR VIPER HAS
AN ANNOUNCEMENT TO MAKE.
I DON'T REPEAT MYSELF,
SO LISTEN UP!
MARCEL! YOU MIGHT
WANT TO PAY
ATTENTION TO THIS!
OH. RIGHT.
FEAST YOUR EYES ON
MY NEWEST INVENTION--
THE BIOBAND.
AND STARTING NOW, YOU'RE
ALL REQUIRED TO WEAR ONE.
IS THAT UNDERSTOOD?
BUT WHAT DO THESE
THINGS ACTUALLY DO?
BEATS ME.
OVER THE NEXT FEW WEEKS,
YOU'LL TAKE PART IN
A SERIES OF SURVIVAL DUELS.
YOU WILL ALL BEGIN WITH
THE SAME RANKING REGARDLESS
OF YOUR DORM COLOR
OR GRADE LEVEL.
WHAT'S THE POINT
OF THAT?
THIS OVERSIZED ORANGUTAN
IS RUINING EVERYTHING!
OUI, OUI. AND WE'RE
CAPABLE OF DOING
THAT OURSELVES!
ANYWAY,
BACK TO MY BIOBAND SYSTEM.
THESE DEVICES SYSTEMATICALLY
GATHER AND TRANSMIT DATA
ABOUT YOUR DUELING ABILITY
TO A CENTRAL COMPUTER,
WHICH THEN
MEASURES YOUR ENERGY,
EVALUATES YOUR DECISIONS,
AND GAUGES OVERALL
FIGHTING SPIRIT.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT HE JUST SAID,
BUT IT SOUNDS COOL!
Viper: ONCE THE EVALUATION
IS COMPLETE,
EACH OF YOU WILL BE
GIVEN A SCORE.
AND FAILURE WILL NOT
BE TOLERATED.
THEY SAY YOU'RE THE BEST
OF THE BEST.
THEY CALL YOU PEOPLE
THE ELITE. NOW PROVE IT!
MONSIEUR!
BUT WHAT IF
THIS MACHINE
DETERMINES THAT
A STUDENT'S SPIRIT
IS TOO WEAK?
SIMPLE.
A DORM DEMOTION.
AND SHOULD ONE RECEIVE
A SECOND LOW SCORE,
THE NEXT STEP IS EXPULSION.
[ALL GASP]
NOW VIPER'S GONE TOO FAR!
FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO DON'T
THINK YOU CAN HANDLE THIS,
I SUGGEST YOU GO HOME NOW.
YOU CAN'T
ALLOW THIS!
HE'S JUST
A VISITING
PROFESSOR!
IT'S NOT FAIR!
HE CAN'T CHANGE
ALL THE RULES!
CROWLER'S RIGHT.
THIS GUY'S WAY
OUT OF LINE!
NOW, NOW. LET'S GIVE
PROFESSOR VIPER
THE BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT.
AFTER ALL,
HIS SYSTEM DID WONDERS
FOR WEST ACADEMY.
THANKS TO HIM,
THEIR GRADES ARE HIGHER,
AND THEY OUTPERFORM
ALMOST EVERY OTHER SCHOOL
IN THE DISTRICT!
I THINK HIS PLAN
ROCKS!
WE GET TO DUEL
EVERY DAY!
AREN'T YA WORRIED YA MIGHT
GET KICKED OUT OF SCHOOL?
NOT A CHANCE, BRO!
MY SCORES ARE
GONNA BE THROUGH
THE ROOF!
Sheppard, thinking: JADEN, I
DON'T THINK YOU REALIZE
JUST HOW DIFFICULT
THIS IS GOING TO BE.
PROFESSOR VIPER'S PROGRAM
IS DESIGNED
TO PUSH STUDENTS
TO THEIR LIMITS, AND IT'S
NOT TO BE TAKEN LIGHTLY.
[CHUCKLING]
I WONDER WHO I'LL
DUEL NEXT.
MAYBE ANOTHER ONE OF
YOU NEW GUYS!
GO BACK TO
YOUR DORMS AND AWAIT
FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS.
HEY, SOLDIER.
WHAT'S THE DEAL
WITH THE LONG FACE?
I DON'T KNOW. USING
A MACHINE TO TEST
OUR DUELING SKILLS?
IT JUST--
IT SEEMS WRONG.
KNOW WHAT'S
WRONG? YOU
IN THAT COAT!
BUT THESE
BIOBANDS ARE
GONNA CHANGE THAT
BY WEEDING OUT
THE WEAK!
[SARCASTICALLY]
THANKS, CHAZZ.
BIG HELP.
Sheppard on P.A.:
ATTENTION, STUDENTS!
THE SURVIVAL DUELS
WILL BEGIN IMMEDIATELY
FOLLOWING FIFTH PERIOD.
BE SURE TO ACTIVATE
YOUR BIOBANDS SO YOU
CAN BE PROPERLY EVALUATED.
THEY HAVE GOT TO BE
KIDDING ME.
[AUSTRALIAN ACCENT]
WHY?
WHAT ARE WE,
IN PRISON?
I MEAN, COME ON!
THEY'RE
FORCING US TO WEAR
A MONITORING DEVICE
AS IF
WE'RE CRIMINALS!
OR WORSE, LIKE
WE'RE ANIMALS
BEING TRACKED DOWN
IN THE WILD.
ACTUALLY, TRACKING
ANIMALS IS A WAY
OF PROTECTING 'EM,
NOT HURTING 'EM.
THEY NEED OUR HELP.
AIN'T THAT RIGHT,
SHIRLY?
[GRUNTS]
Hassleberry:
I JUST HOPE
THEM NEW BOYS
AIN'T FIXING
TO CHALLENGE ME.
I'M PLAYIN' IT
SAFE.
SO IF YA SEE A WIMPY
LITTLE PIPSQUEAK,
BESIDES YOURSELF,
OF COURSE,
TELL HIM
HASSLEBERRY'S
ON HIS TRAIL!
[SIGHS]
HEY. YOU
ALL RIGHT, SON?
HMM.
Jaden: SO I SAID, "YOU
CALL THAT A TRAP CARD?"
JADEN,
WAIT UP!
WHAT'S UP, SY?
WE HAVE
TO STOP THIS!
IT'S ALL WRONG.
VIPER IS HIDING
SOMETHING!
ALL THE SIGNS
ARE THERE!
THE DEEP VOICE,
THE ANGRY STARE,
EVEN HIS
NAME REEKS OF
EVIL, JAY!
LET'S FACE IT,
EVER MEET A NICE
GUY NAMED VIPER?
UH...
Syrus: YOU MEAN YOU ACTUALLY
HAVE TO THINK ABOUT THAT?
WE COULD GET KICKED
OUT OF SCHOOL.
OR WORSE, ONE OF US
MIGHT GET HURT.
AREN'T YOU
OVERREACTING?
HE MAY BE A LITTLE STRICT,
BUT I DON'T THINK
HE'S OUT TO HURT ANYONE.
OH, YEAH? WHAT ABOUT
THE POINT SYSTEM?
IF I CHOKE
AND GET A LOW SCORE,
I'M OUT OF HERE.
RELAX, SY.
JUST HAVE A GOOD TIME.
AND WHATEVER HAPPENS
HAPPENS.
BUT, JAY--NEVER MIND.
I THOUGHT BEING HERE
MEANT SOMETHING TO YOU.
OBVIOUSLY,
I WAS MISTAKEN!
POOR GUY. HE SEEMS PRETTY
SHAKEN UP ABOUT ALL THIS.
NAH. HE MAKES
A BIG DEAL
ABOUT EVERYTHING.
IF YOU SAY SO. BUT WHAT
HAPPENS IF HE'S RIGHT?
HANGING AROUND?
I'M TRAINING, SIR.
IMPRESSIVE.
BUT IF YOU WANT TO
SHOW OFF YOUR MOVES,
I SUGGEST
YOU SAVE IT FOR
THE COMPETITION.
NOW, I TRUST YOU
REMEMBER OUR PLAN?
OF COURSE.
DUEL AGAINST JADEN,
RIGHT? I'M ON IT.
I NEED YOU TO DO MORE
THAN SIMPLY DUEL HIM.
YEAH? LIKE WHAT?
DO YOU REMEMBER WHAT
YOUR FATHER TAUGHT YOU?
LIVE YOUR LIFE
AS IF YOU'RE
IN CONSTANT DANGER.
ALWAYS DO.
THIS TIME,
PUT JADEN IN DANGER.
I WANT YOU
TO TERRIFY HIM.
I WANT HIM
SO FRIGHTENED
FOR HIS LIFE
THAT HE UNLEASHES
EVERYTHING HE'S GOT!
ATTACK, ATTACK,
AND ATTACK AGAIN.
EVEN IF IT COSTS
YOU THE DUEL,
YOUR MISSION IS
TO PUSH JADEN BEYOND
HIS THRESHOLD
AND DRAIN EVERY
OUNCE OF HIS POWER.
IS THAT CLEAR?
ALWAYS REMEMBER,
WHEN YOU ACCEPT A MISSION,
THERE'S NO TURNING BACK.
YOU'VE GOT TO PRESS ON
AND COMPLETE YOUR ASSIGNMENT
DESPITE THE DANGER.
I ACCEPT.
GECKO ONE,
DO YOU COPY?
THIS IS GECKO ONE.
PROCEED WITH YOUR REQUEST.
I NEED AN ANALYSIS
ON SOMETHING.
DO YOU COPY?
AFFIRMATIVE. BUT THIS
COULD TAKE A WHILE.
THE CONFIGURATION
SEEMS COMPLICATED.
UNTIL THEN, KEEP
A CLOSE EYE ON VIPER.
ALREADY ON IT.
[LEAVES RUSTLING]
WHO'S THERE?
THAT'S STRANGE. I COULD
HAVE SWORN I HEARD SOMETHING.
GUESS I'M JUST BEING
PARANOID.
Viper, thinking:
INCREDIBLE.
THAT EXHIBITION MATCH
WORKED OUT BETTER
THAN I ANTICIPATED.
MY BIOBANDS EXTRACTED MORE
ENERGY THAN EVER BEFORE,
BUT STILL MY TIME IS SHORT.
I MAY JUST HAVE TO RAISE
THE ENERGY ABSORPTION RATE.
OF COURSE IF I DO THAT,
THE STUDENTS WILL HAVE
TO PAY A RATHER LARGE PRICE.
[CHUCKLING]
Syrus, thinking:
MAYBE JADEN'S RIGHT.
MAYBE I'M OVERREACTING ABOUT
THIS WHOLE BIOBAND CONSPIRACY.
IN FACT, MAYBE I JUST
NEED TO SUCK IT UP
AND DUEL THE NEXT PERSON
I SEE!
OR I CAN WAIT
AND DUEL THE SECOND
PERSON I SEE!
YEAH, THAT'S IT.
HANG ON. I CAN'T SPEND
THE REST OF MY LIFE
RUNNING FROM MY FEARS!
BESIDES,
MAYBE I'LL LUCK OUT
AND HE'LL SAY "NO."
AH, EXCUSE ME?
[SYRUS CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY]
HEY, YOU!
FIRE UP YOUR DECK SO
WE CAN THROW DOWN!
UH, PLEASE?
HMPH!
TAKE A HIKE.
TAKE A HIKE?
DON'T YOU KNOW ME?
I'M ZANE TRUESDALE'S
BROTHER, PAL!
BIG DEAL. THAT DUDE
AIN'T SO TOUGH.
OH, YEAH? WELL,
I ALSO HAPPEN TO BE
THE BEST FRIEND
OF THE INFAMOUS
JADEN YUKI!
WELL, WELL.
AH. DOES THAT MEAN
YOU WANT TO DUEL?
[MOANING]
CAN WE TALK
ABOUT THIS?
[CHUCKLES]
SO I HEAR THAT YOU
HAVE A DECK FULL
OF DINOSAUR CARDS?
CAN I SEE?
SORRY. MY CARDS ARE
OFF-LIMITS TO THE PUBLIC.
I'M NOT THE PUBLIC.
I'M JADEN'S
NEW BEST CHUM.
HE'D TELL YA
TO SHOW 'EM TO ME.
WELL, I DON'T DO
EVERYTHING HE SAYS!
AHH! LOVE THAT SHOWER.
OH, AND THANKS FOR
CLEANING IT, HASSLEBERRY.
SO YOU DON'T
DO WHAT HE
SAYS, HUH?
I, UH, CLEANED
IT FOR MYSELF!
[KURIBOH CALLS]
HEY, KURIBOH.
WHAT'S HE
SAYIN' JAY?
IT DON'T
SOUND GOOD!
WAIT! YOU HEAR IT, TOO?
WHAT?
WHAT?!
WHERE IS HE?!
WHO? YOU'RE FREAKIN'
ME OUT, SON!
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKIN' ABOUT?
[RUBY CALLS]
YOU'RE KIDDING ME!
WHEN, RUBY?
THEY'RE EVERYWHERE!
Jaden: HASSLEBERRY,
WASH MY PJs.
WAIT, SOLDIER!
WHICH DETERGENT?
I'M GOING, TOO.
YEAH? WELL,
SO AM I, PAL!
HEY, HASSLEBERRY,
HURRY UP, WILL YA?
HOLD ON. I GOT
PJs TO WASH.
I DON'T GET IT.
WHY SYRUS?
[KURIBOH SPEAKS]
SY--!
JADEN!
I TOLD YOU THEY'D COME
TO SAVE ME, YA BIG BULLY!
SYRUS, HANG
IN THERE, PAL!
ALL RIGHT. MAYBE
NOT THE BEST
CHOICE OF WORDS.
HMPH.
PLEASE HELP ME! I HAVE A FEAR
OF DANGLING OVER DEADLY CLIFFS!
THAT'S RIGHT.
LET HIM GO, AXEL!
I DON'T THINK SO.
WELL, NOT YET, ANYWAY.
SEE, YOUR FRIEND
HERE JUST SAVED ME
A WORLD OF TROUBLE.
INSTEAD OF HUNTING
YOU DOWN, I JUST SAT BACK
AND LET YOU COME TO ME.
SO THAT'S WHAT THIS
IS ALL ABOUT?
GIMME A BREAK!
I'M ALWAYS UP
FOR A DUEL!
IF YOU WANTED TO
THROW DOWN, ALL YOU
HAD TO DO WAS ASK.
MAYBE, BUT I COULDN'T
TAKE THAT CHANCE.
AND BESIDES,
HOG-TYING YOUR FRIEND OVER
A CLIFF WAS WAY MORE FUN.
AND THE FUN CONTINUES.
AAH! WHAT'S GOING ON?
TAKE HIM DOWN!
RELAX. HE'LL COME
DOWN SOONER OR LATER.
SEE, IF YOU WIN,
THEN I'LL GO AHEAD
AND RELEASE HIM.
IF YOU LOSE,
HE TAKES THE FALL.
THERE'S
ONLY ONE PERSON
THAT'S GOING DOWN,
AND THAT'S YOU!
SO AS THEY SAY--
WELL, AS I SAY,
GET YOUR GAME ON!
THE GAME IS ON, INDEED.
SLOW DOWN, SON!
DO YOU EVEN KNOW
WHERE YOU'RE GOING?
PLEASE TELL ME YOU
AIN'T FOLLOWING ONE
OF THEM SPIRITS!
[RUBY SPEAKING]
WE ARE. NOW KEEP UP!
IT'S HIM!
HEY, WHAT'RE
YOU DOING?
WHAT I DO BEST!
Together: GAME ON!
IF YA DON'T MIND,
I'LL START!
I ACTIVATE
POLYMERIZATION,
FUSING AVIAN
WITH BURSTINATRIX TO
FORM FLAME WINGMAN.
THAT'S A PRETTY
HIGH-RANKING MONSTER
TO BUST OUT RIGHT AWAY.
YOU'RE RUSHING THROUGH
THIS AS IF SOMEONE'S
LIFE IS ON THE LINE.
OH, WAIT. IT IS.
IS THIS ALL
A BIG JOKE TO YOU?
I'LL HAVE THE LAST
LAUGH. TRUST ME!
EASY, JAY. DON'T GO
LOSIN' YOUR COOL.
THAT'S MY JOB!
SLOW DOWN, BANDANA BOY!
ONE MORE STEP.
AND IT'LL BE THE END
OF THE LINE FOR
YOUR LITTLE FRIEND.
PLEASE! DO WHAT HE SAYS!
WELL, FINE.
BUT I CAN'T
STAND BULLIES!
NO WORRIES!
HE'S NOT GONNA GET
AWAY WITH THIS!
I'M ON IT.
THEN GO, BECAUSE EVERY
SECOND THAT YOU PEOPLE WASTE
IS A SECOND CLOSER TO
YOUR FRIEND'S FINAL HURRAH!
SO I'D SUGGEST YOU
FINISH UP YOUR MOVE.
I'LL THROW DOWN
TWO FACE-DOWNS AND THEN
CALL IT A TURN.
Axel, thinking: TIME
TO SHOW THIS AMATEUR WHAT
A REAL FRONT LINE CAN DO.
THIS IS WAR, BOY!
READY FOR THIS?
I ACTIVATE MY BLAZE
ACCELERATOR!
WHAT'S THAT?
MY SECRET WEAPON.
IT FIRES OUT
PYRO-TYPE MONSTERS
WITH 500 POINTS OR LESS.
BUT YOU'RE ABOUT TO SEE
FOR YOURSELF!
I'M LOADING UP
VOLCANIC SHELL!
NOW FIRE!
I ACTIVATE
MY DE-FUSION
SPELL CARD!
NICE MOVE, SARGE!
YEAH. GOOD THINKING!
YOU MAY HAVE DODGED
THAT BULLET, SON,
BUT YOU CAN'T PULL
THE SAME TACTIC TWICE!
SO BRACE YOURSELF!
BUT YOU CAN'T
ATTACK ME AGAIN
UNTIL YOUR NEXT TURN!
THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK!
I ACTIVATE
VOLCANIC SHELL'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
I PAY 500 POINTS!
IN EXCHANGE, I CAN
FIRE ANOTHER ONE NOW!
LOADING UP
VOLCANIC SHELL NUMBER TWO!
FIRE AWAY!
UH! MY BURSTINATRIX!
CAN WE SPEED THIS UP?
I'M KIND OF SHORT
ON TIME HERE!
YOU HOLD TIGHT,
LITTLE MAN!
[GROWLS]
I'LL TOSS ONE CARD
FACE-DOWN AND TAKE A BREAK.
NOW, YOU BETTER
DO SOMETHING BEFORE
THAT ROPE TAKES A BREAK.
Jaden, thinking:
HE'S RIGHT.
BUT DID HE
REALLY GO THROUGH
ALL THIS TROUBLE
JUST TO DUEL ME,
OR IS AXEL UP
TO SOMETHING ELSE?
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ WELL, TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪